because we have to follow our guidelines
The trainers also meet every week
check does
The animals have an outdoor enclosure of 75
Square meters what the way it ends
must be moderate and they still have
times a big dare itself where too
a climbing opportunity and a bath
containers at any time form
the two are brown then I have
get as a young animals
the goods were about three months old
I raised with amt and then have so
slowly and slowly after about half a year
playing middle resort started like that
had animals and you have
cared for the animals every day until they arrived
so big city rivals this now
are and then you will top off
being abused as animal tormenters so will the
playfully constructed and at the end effect
is it the same for the animals then?
if they are also in the free
to deal with the wild was finally
the animals only do what they do
was an outdoor enclosure must be present
so must also a retreat
to be available
whoever can do it all the time
The bear should decide for itself
Now I want to let him in and
Now I want to retire too
because in the wild are the
ground indeed I always just out there
they are too
I recognize that at the look and different
behavior of takes here because I too
every day with the animal or with the
Animals are busy with what others do
standouts can not detect
our old animals when he mohr his
having done a debt comes mostly
stay with us you know of sets
our animals have a lot for us
done and served us here in good
and bad sites and our animals
is for us, all that comes first
our animals and then we are one
row and our animals stay until he
die by itself and stand by us
man at the highest level
then comes the animal and then that
material so we are set and we
have animals are 45 years old
already very rickety out of that should
People quietly think what they think you are
Dog and fat animals with us if you
One thing is a bit lean through the ages
Do not bother us about it
not to sleep on their own
break and then
the animal has done its work and we
We can rest assured that we are here
still alive as long as she wanted